cyoa-step1 story1
cyoa-step1 story2
cyoa-step1 story3
cyoa-step1 story4
cyoa-step1 story5
cyoa-step1 story6
cyoa-step1 story7
cyoa-step1 story8
cyoa-step1 story9
cyoa-step1 story10
cyoa-step1 story11
cyoa-step1 story12
cyoa-step1 story13
cyoa-step1 story14
cyoa-step1 story15
cyoa-step1 story16
cyoa-step1 story17
cyoa-step1 ts1
cyoa-step1 ts2
cyoa-step1 ts3
cyoa-step1 hhh
#cyoa-step1 /usr/local/ece551/cyoa/story3
ec:step1

cyoa-step2 story1 < input0.txt
cyoa-step2 story1 < input1.txt
cyoa-step2 story1 < input2.txt
cyoa-step2 story1 < input3.txt
cyoa-step2 story1 < input4.txt
cyoa-step2 story1 < input5.txt
cyoa-step2 story1 < input6.txt

cyoa-step2 story1 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story2 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story3 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story4 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story5 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story6 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story7 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story8 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story9 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story10 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story11 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story12 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story13 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story14 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story15 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story16 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story17 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 story < input.txt
cyoa-step2 ts2 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 ts3 < input.txt
#input for st
cyoa-step2 st1 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 st2 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 st3 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 st4 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 st5 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 st6 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 st7 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 st8 < input.txt
cyoa-step2 hhh < input.txt
#cyoa-step2 /usr/local/ece551/cyoa/story3 < input.txt
ec:step2

cyoa-step3 story1
cyoa-step3 story2
cyoa-step3 story3
cyoa-step3 story4
cyoa-step3 story5
cyoa-step3 story6
cyoa-step3 story7
cyoa-step3 story8
cyoa-step3 story9
cyoa-step3 story10
cyoa-step3 story11
cyoa-step3 story12
cyoa-step3 story14
cyoa-step3 story15
cyoa-step3 story16
cyoa-step3 story17
cyoa-step3 story
cyoa-step3 ts1
cyoa-step3 ts2
cyoa-step3 ts3
cyoa-step3 ts4
cyoa-step3 st1
cyoa-step3 st2
cyoa-step3 st3
cyoa-step3 st4
cyoa-step3 st5
cyoa-step3 st6
cyoa-step3 st7
cyoa-step3 st8
cyoa-step3 hhh
#cyoa-step3 /usr/local/ece551/cyoa/story3
ec:step3


cyoa-step4 story1 < input0.txt
cyoa-step4 story1 < input1.txt
cyoa-step4 story1 < input2.txt
cyoa-step4 story1 < input3.txt
cyoa-step4 story1 < input4.txt
cyoa-step4 story1 < input5.txt
cyoa-step4 story1 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story2 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story3 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story4 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story5 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story6 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story7 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story8 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story9 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story10 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story11 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story12 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story13 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story14 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story15 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story16 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story < input.txt
cyoa-step4 ts2 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 ts3 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 st1 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 st2 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 st3 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 st4 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 st5 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 st6 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 st7 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 st8 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 tts1 < tts1in.txt
cyoa-step4 tts1 < tts1in1.txt
cyoa-step4 tts1 < tts1in2.txt
cyoa-step4 tts2 < tts2in.txt
cyoa-step4 tts2 < tts2in1.txt
cyoa-step4 tts3 < tts3in.txt
cyoa-step4 tts3 < tts3in1.txt
cyoa-step4 tts3 < tts3in2.txt
cyoa-step4 tts4 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 tts5 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 tts6 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 tts7 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 tts8 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 tts9 < input.txt
cyoa-step4 hhh < input.txt
cyoa-step4 story1 < input6.txt
ec:step4
